Parallel coordinates plot (#3105)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/experiment-management/comparing-experiments.md

└───────────────────────┴────────┴──────────────────┘
```

## Parallel Coordinates Plot

> `dvc exp show` can also generate an interactive
> [Parallel Coordinates Plot](/doc/command-reference/exp/show#parallel-coordinates-plot),
> with `--pcp`.
> 
> The `--pcp` option can be combined with the other flags of `dvc exp show`. For
> example, the color of the lines will be determined by the values in the column
> passed to `--sort-by`.

Reviewer: Suggestion on the guide section:

```suggestion
You can also generate an interactive parallel coordinates plot with
`dvc exp show --pcp`. This flag can be combined with other options of the
command. For example, use  `--sort-by` to sort the experiments and determine
the color of the lines that represent them.
```

- [ ] But link to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parallel_coordinates instead? Or some other (more authoritative) source

[csvkit]: https://csvkit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

## Show the experiments table as a Parallel Coordinates plot

> `dvc exp show` can also generate an interactive Parallel Coordinates plot, with

Reviewer: Hmmm. How is a table anymore? 🙂

Author: Indeed, it's not a table anymore, but it does contain the same data as the table. 

So, it's a different representation of the same data. 

`--json` output is neither a table and it's named `Get experiments table in JSON`

Reviewer 2: "Experiments table" refers to the output of `dvc exp show` in default format. When you supply `--json`, you get the content of this table in JSON format.

Here we can call "Show experiment results as a PCP" not to confuse.

Author: I'm ok with any title. Just wanted to point out that the content of the PCP plot is the same as the `exp show` table, just with a different representation. 

On the contrary, the `--json` output contains different content to the `exp show` table but it's treated similar to other output types (`--csv`).

The `--json` output is dumped way before we create and apply flags to the table and it's content is very different:

https://github.com/iterative/dvc/blob/main/dvc/command/experiments/show.py#L543-L573

Reviewer 3: Is it a discussion on the title `Show the experiments table as a Parallel Coordinates plot` or something else? Title sounds fine to me personally (even though I still think that naming option `--html` can lead to confusion now and some potential renamings in the future).

Author: Originated with the title but I guess that it is going a little in circles and it's really about https://github.com/iterative/dvc/issues/7165

Reviewer 2: Technically it may be the other way around, `dvc exp show` may be the beautified, filtered and tabulated version of `--json` output but from the user POV, `--json` contains a similar data. If you're fine with "experiments table", that also feels fine with me.

Reviewer: > --json output is neither a table and it's named Get experiments table in JSON

Good point I guess we could separately update that title too... See https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3137

I see the example title in question has been updated, thanks. Resolving!

`--html`.

The `--html` option can be combined with the other flags of `dvc exp show`. For
example, the flag `--sort-by` would set the color of the lines.

> 

Reviewer 2: I think instead of "sets the color", we should be saying, "the intensity of the color is determined by the value of the column you select with `--sort-by`." The user is not selecting a color, they select a column to highlight the results.

[csvkit]: https://csvkit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

> ## Show the experiments table as a Parallel Coordinates plot

Reviewer 4: Nice that you already added this!
